README.md, before:

<!-- pages: https://drewskiiiiiiiii.gitlab.io/tower-of-hanoi -->
New Pages : https://percio.gitlab.io/the-tower-of-hanoi/

Team: Drew Sexton, Steven Delpercio

brainstorming:
1) allow user to select disc
    - create interface where user can see which disc is selected
    - if disc is not clicked, alert "Please choose disc"
    - else if disc isn't smallest in tower, alert "This disc isn't movable yet"
    - else "select" disc
    - use border color to show selection

2) allow user to place disc in another tower
    - comp checks to make sure there are no smaller discs in the section you want to place
    - user receives error if placing disc illegally

    - identify currentTarget to see what tower has been clicked
    - if currentTarget.childElementCount===0, "drop" disc
    - else if currentTarget.lastElementChild is smaller than selected disc, alert "This disc is too big for that tower"
    - else append disc

3) user wins when all 4 discs are in the 3rd tower
    - after each placement, the computer will check for a win






________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

    Stevens Notes 6/24/2020

    Ok, so, i spent literally all night approaching this from different directions. And here is what I settled on....
        It was very difficult for me to debug your code with the features you wanted, working from the end to the start was rough from my POV.
        So I re wrote most of the JS and pulled some of what you wrote into mine.
       
        Your code logic literally helped me solve some really tough issues with this thing .

What does our code currently do?

    -you can move between each box
    -you cannot stack bigger sizes on smaller sizes or you will get an alert
    -there is a win declaration that works.

what has changed?

    -you no longer click every disk(you can, but its not necessary)
    -When you click the code utilizes the lastElementChild DOM property.
    -our click handler is focused on the tower but uses event delegation to allow you to click the discs.
    -this is good because it reduces the number of alerts the user will be forced to face.
    
What do we need?

    -we could throw a border on select where it adds a class that has some kind of style change on it(border, opacity, ect.) I would make sure to add it on the "childNode" that is      
    being selected.
    -there is 1 bug. when you select an empty tower twice it throws an error, So we need to force the user to not do that, or create a work through where stop whatever event is     
    being triggered when we do that(I haven't really looked into it, 'im very tired lol)
    ----I really want to make sure we don't break this code so we need to be careful when we debug that.
    -We are essentially now at final touches. We polish anything extra we want and turn this bad boy in, and take a nap, maybe practice for whiteboards

Commit message:

added selection border and reset button to game

README.md, after:

<!-- pages: https://drewskiiiiiiiii.gitlab.io/tower-of-hanoi -->
New Pages : https://percio.gitlab.io/the-tower-of-hanoi/

Team: Drew Sexton, Steven Delpercio

brainstorming:
1) allow user to select disc
    - create interface where user can see which disc is selected
    - if disc is not clicked, alert "Please choose disc"
    - else if disc isn't smallest in tower, alert "This disc isn't movable yet"
    - else "select" disc
    - use border color to show selection

2) allow user to place disc in another tower
    - comp checks to make sure there are no smaller discs in the section you want to place
    - user receives error if placing disc illegally

    - identify currentTarget to see what tower has been clicked
    - if currentTarget.childElementCount===0, "drop" disc
    - else if currentTarget.lastElementChild is smaller than selected disc, alert "This disc is too big for that tower"
    - else append disc

3) user wins when all 4 discs are in the 3rd tower
    - after each placement, the computer will check for a win

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

    Stevens Notes 6/24/2020

    Ok, so, i spent literally all night approaching this from different directions. And here is what I settled on....
        It was very difficult for me to debug your code with the features you wanted, working from the end to the start was rough from my POV.
        So I re wrote most of the JS and pulled some of what you wrote into mine.
       
        Your code logic literally helped me solve some really tough issues with this thing .

What does our code currently do?

    -you can move between each box
    -you cannot stack bigger sizes on smaller sizes or you will get an alert
    -there is a win declaration that works.

what has changed?

    -you no longer click every disk(you can, but its not necessary)
    -When you click the code utilizes the lastElementChild DOM property.
    -our click handler is focused on the tower but uses event delegation to allow you to click the discs.
    -this is good because it reduces the number of alerts the user will be forced to face.
    
What do we need?

    -we could throw a border on select where it adds a class that has some kind of style change on it(border, opacity, ect.) I would make sure to add it on the "childNode" that is      
    being selected. (from Drew - completed 6/24)
    -there is 1 bug. when you select an empty tower twice it throws an error, So we need to force the user to not do that, or create a work through where stop whatever event is     
    being triggered when we do that(I haven't really looked into it, 'im very tired lol)
    ----I really want to make sure we don't break this code so we need to be careful when we debug that.
    -We are essentially now at final touches. We polish anything extra we want and turn this bad boy in, and take a nap, maybe practice for whiteboards

    _____________________________________________________

Drew's notes, 6/24/2020

I love it. I see how you used clone to return that div in order to move it, which was something I was having trouble figuring out. Also, good call on the lastElementChild usage. I think I was getting confused by trying to use the disk specifically.

- I have added a small feature to add a different color border when the disk is selected, which goes away when it is dropped. During pickup, I just added a new border style to the clone disk, and at the beginning of the drop function, I apply a blank string to the border style, which returns it to the defaults from css.

- I just tested with the new greenyellow border, and it doesn't seem to be pooping out when you click an empty tower twice. I'll talk to you about it when we get together, but I think we have a final program!

- I also included a button to reset all disks back to tower1, so the user can play multiple times
